# CPPSchoolProjects
Corner Grocer Menu Project using C++

This project was for creating a menu for a fictional grocery store for displaying the amount of different products purchased that day, as well as creating a backup file of the information at startup.
<br><br>I did this by creating a function to print the menu options, then encapsulated the menu functionality in a do-while loop that stops iterating if the user inputs "4" (the Exit option). For the functionality of the different menu options, I used a switch-case statement to perform different actions based on whether the user input "1", "2", "3", or "4". 
<br><br>I also included user input validation using the "default" case of the switch-case statement, which outputs an Error message if the user inputs anything other than "1", "2", "3", or "4" and reiterates back through the menu loop again.
<br><br>The most challenging part of this project for me was designing the do-while loop and getting each of the menu options to perform correctly. I overcame this through testing each one separately, starting with option "1", getting that right, then continuing on to "2", and so on. The testing and debugging practices I learned in this and previous classes are what helped me the most with this since it helped me think over the logic of my design and how the computer was interpreting it, and where I needed to adjust my code to get the right results. These testing and debugging skills will be helpful in future courses and my career since it's one of, if not the most important, parts of programming since it ensures the functionality of your code, that it works well and performs as you intended it to.
<br><br>I also used industry best practices of writing comments in my code for each piece of the program. This helps with the maintainability and readability of the code since it explains the program's functions to future programmers who may need to reuse or update it as legacy code. To help with readability, I also used industry standard practices of indentation and proper syntax, which makes the code visually cleaner and more easily legible to those who are new to reading or editing it.
